Old Master Chen,
If you want to get back at me,
I can understand that.
But you shouldn't
team up with that bastard Gu Zhantian!
He's up to no good,
trying to swallow the Four Great Families of Haicheng.
Aren't you just hurting yourself by helping him?
Is that so?
I'm short selling Qianfeng Group right now.
In just a few hours,
I've already made...
How much was it?
About...
Eight billion.
Oh.
How could I make so much?
Which idiot
is trying to save Qianfeng?
Old Master Chen,
you made your money,
so why do you have to insult people?
If Gu Zhantian
really swallows Qianfeng,
the next one
will be the Chen Family.
You think I don't know that?
But right now,
do you have the capital to fight him?
With you
throwing money in like this,
can your capital chain
last for three days?
If the Chen Family could also...
We can't.
Mengyun.
What are you...
Grandpa,
do you have the heart to let your great-grandson
be born to a father running from debts?
Mengyun,
you don't have to...
Between you and me,
there's no need to say more.
All your scheming
is just used to screw over our Chen Family, huh?
Mengyun,
it's not that Grandpa won't help him.
It's that the Chen Family's capital chain
really can't hold up anymore.
This battle
is all about capital.
If this kid wants to win,
he'll need heaven's help.
What?
Really?
Mr. Lu!
Look!
It's going up!
The stock prices of the Four Great Families
are suddenly skyrocketing!
Our capital pool just gained tens of billions!
Dongfang Group is losing ground fast!
What?
Hahaha!
Old Master Chen,
what were you just saying?
Hahaha!
Consider yourself lucky, kid.
Heaven is helping me!
No,
what's going on?
Fine.
I'd like to see
who the real chosen one is.
That's more like it.
Hurry up and sign it.
Let me tell you,
the Leng Family is just the beginning.
The Four Great Families of Haicheng
will all be in my pocket.
I'm not signing.
What?
Still putting up a dying struggle?
Who's dying
is still uncertain.
Dasheng Group's stock price is skyrocketing
because I spearheaded
the restart of the Chengnan project.
Exactly.
President Zhao said
our Dasheng Group is a conscientious enterprise
that has made huge contributions to the city.
They discussed it
and plan
to cut our membership fees in half.
They also approved a piece of
discounted,
super-potential land for us.
Just that
wouldn't make it surge this fiercely, right?
Is there more?
The higher-ups also said
that once our Chengnan district is completed,
they plan
to hand over the development
of forty percent of the commercial zone
for us to manage.
Our external cooperation hotline
has been ringing off the hook.
My grandpa's side
has also turned their guns around
to strike hard at Gu Zhantian's side.
Regarding Dongfang Group's business,
they also reported Gu Zhantian's side
for malicious acquisition.
They are already under investigation.
We no longer have to worry
about them targeting Qianfeng Group.
Chengwen,
when I took you to Qianfeng Group last time,
the thing you promised me...
don't forget it.
Mengyun,
please, please.
Whatever you wanted to do,
when have I ever not supported you?
However,
I have a condition.
What did you promise?
Since I was little,
my family wouldn't let me do this
or let me do that.
So,
my biggest wish all along
is to take the person I love
and let loose.
Mengyun,
tell me,
will Gu Zhantian have a backup plan?
Will those three
be in danger?
Chengwen,
you can't mention other women here.
Okay.
Sir,
want a coconut?
You...
Sir,
how about a massage?
You'll get heatstroke in this sun.
Why are you guys here?
The people I love
also include the sisters
who fought alongside me recently.
Is that not okay?
Mengyun,
you're so generous.
Let me take a look.
How did the pictures turn out?
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay.
Hahaha.
Don't run!
Come here!
Ahahaha.
Where can you hide?
Hahaha.
Don't run!
I surrender, I surrender!
Where are you going to hide?
President Leng.
Hahaha.
Hurry, let's go!
Run!
Come on!
Hahaha.
Cut it out!
Hit him, quick!
Ahahaha.
Don't hide!
Don't you run!
Don't run!
Mr. Lu.
Wait for me!
Hahaha.
These past few days,
everyone has been pretty tired.
Alright.
Everyone,
go back and get some rest.
We're not going back.
We're staying here with you.
I see
there are four rooms in total.
The four of us will take one room each.
You'll share a room with me.
Sister Mengyun,
even though you arranged everything today,
and we had a lot of fun,
I still won't give Brother Chengwen up to you.
Brother Chengwen,
today I brought
a full JK uniform set,
and thick silver needles.
If you don't stay in my room,
I can't guarantee my silver needles
won't end up poking you.
Brother Chengwen,
these past few days,
you should be very clear about my feelings.
However,
sharing a boyfriend with others...
that kind of thing,
I just can't do it.
So tonight,
you must make a choice.
What do you mean, sharing a boyfriend?
Brother Chengwen,
no matter
what's going on between you and these girls,
let me confirm with you again.
The only person you want to marry and have kids with
is me.
Besides,
I already told Grandpa I'm pregnant with your child.
You wouldn't want
to become enemies with the Chen Family, right?
What the heck?
What is all this nonsense?
No, wait.
Her pregnancy is fake!
Wasn't that just to trick your grandpa? Darn it!
Shihan knows.
Mr. Lu,
I only know
that I am the one who will always wait for you.
I...
Can't I just sleep in the living room?
No!
You fate-defier.
You're always, no matter where or when,
causing trouble for me.
Good thing I'm already used to it.
What should I do about this?
We're still in a state of war right now.
The four of them insist I make a choice.
Who do I choose?
Originally,
I wanted to wait until the reward settlement.
Since the four of them are forcing you,
as for the hidden reward,
I'll tell you right now.
Hidden reward?
That's right.
If you can survive until the end,
the rewards aren't just money and medicine.
Furthermore,
you can choose one of them
to bring back to reality.
What?
Bring back to the real world?
Are you serious?
Think carefully about
who you want to bring back the most.